hi there welcome to Barden University
here's your official bu rape whistle
don't blow it unless it's actually
happening hi any interest in joining our
music group we sing songs without any
instruments it's all from our mouths yes
sorry I sing I'm candy you have to join
the Bellas ladies gather around you want
some of this no you do you girls are
awesomely horrible I hate you kill
yourself girl power stuff it nothing to
take those things down the trebles don't
respect us this is war I am confident
that we will find superhot girls a
perfect pitch what about her what's her
name
fat Amy you call yourself fat Amy yes a
twig let you in go behind my
back hey rain shine gonna finish you
like a cheesecake my cold boy the bad
boys of a cappella I've just gotten
better this is a list of all of the
songs that we have ever performed
there's nothing from this century on
here
not enough to be good mean to be
different oh it's really nice this
business our goal is to get to the
finals how are we paying for regionals a
bikini car wash is definitely out of the
question
no are we I'm like super good at bikini
car washes I have a feeling we should
kiss I sometimes have a feeling I
couldn't do crystal meth but then I
think mmm better not okay there will be
no more wasting time with school or
boyfriends can I trust you will add your
own cardio yet no don't put me down for
cardio
what are you doing horizontal running so
I just find songs that have the same
chord progressions and create a track
that blends them together this is really
good are you guys getting ready for the
riff-off
that's a riff-off so dig it down good
long straggly you don't play
around cover much ground got game by the
pan
at our next category you sons about sex
let's talk about a little battle at all
there let's talk about sexy me Oh
through the net I'll make hands in acha
you should have taken that
cardio tip more seriously
it ain't about them oh yeah I have nodes
but or no vocal nodules well at least
it's not herpes
oh dear I have that as well I like the
way you work I can see but I'm also good
at modern dance and then I dancing Oh a
lot of floor work